four people are having dinner on a
restaurant terrace
jennifer's wearing two large gold
bracelets and gold rings on each of her
fingers
martin's fiddling with a brand new phone
and checking the time on his smart watch
connor has a tattoo on his hand and a
dazzling gold watch on his wrist
steve doesn't have any watches rings or
bracelets
but he is wearing a smart suit only one
of them is a millionaire
can you guess who
it's steve he's got car keys in his
pocket and there's a brand new sports
car parked nearby
jennifer has old ripped shoes all that
gold's probably
fake martin's phone is a knockoff and
connor has old ripped shoes
just like jennifer mark's teacher is
great but he's also kind of weird
he never lets mark go home without
solving some of his tricky riddles
here's the first one how many apples are
there on a maple tree if apples grow
five on a branch and there are eight
branches on the tree
okay this one's easy apples don't grow
on maple trees
this next one's gonna be harder get
ready said the teacher
where are there cities with no houses
forests with no
trees and rivers without water you've
got only seven seconds
yeah this one's easy too on a map
right said the teacher one more and i'll
let you go
who's the person everyone takes their
hat off in front of
mark knew the answer immediately
probably because he's a huge
fan of bright side riddles can you guess
it
it's a hairdresser of course unless you
want a really weird haircut i guess
poor fannie lived with her stepmother
and three wicked stepsisters
her dream was to go to her favorite
influencer's new year's party
but her stepmother ruth was pretty mean
she said fannie could go
only if she did everything ruth asked
ruth
asked fannie to bring her some water but
only gave her a colander to carry it in
how's fanny going to do it
fannie needs to freeze some water and
put it in the colander
technically it's still water time to
choose the perfect dress
fanny has three dresses a blue one a red
one and a green one
which dress should fanny wear find the
best one in 10 seconds
fannie should wear the red dress that
button on the blue dress is about to
come off
and one of her stepsisters spilled paint
on the green one
which sister put paint on her dress all
three stepsisters are pretty mean
time to investigate fannie snuck into
their bedroom
three beds for three sisters bella the
oldest one
stella the middle sister and ella the
youngest one
fanny only has a few seconds help her
out can you figure out who ruined her
dress
stella's the culprit there's a can of
paint right under her bed
there's something all people in this
world do at exactly the same speed
what is it
[Music]
aha they get older it flies without
wings
and cries without eyes what is it
it's a cloud what can you see with your
eyes closed
a dream okay enough with the easy short
riddles
let's go back to some harder ones jack
and jill set up a challenge
whoever answers yes to every question
wins
jill was sneaky she realized that there
was one question
nobody could say yes to what question is
[Music]
that
the question is are you sleeping she
waited until
jack fell asleep and then asked him the
question
whoa those guys are intense emily and
mary are putting on their makeup getting
ready
for a night out they have really similar
tastes
their phones look the same so do their
lipsticks clothes
so which one of them has the more
expensive stuff
it's mary take a closer look at emily
her dress kind of gives it away
since it's obviously a knock off
when mike was 25 years old he tied a
ribbon on a cherry tree in his
grandfather's garden
ten years later he returned to see how
much higher the ribbon was
if the tree grew by an inch each year
how much higher would the ribbon be
it wouldn't have changed position at all
trees grow
from the top up the trunk just gets
wider
a green apple costs one dollar a red one
costs two dollars
and a blue one costs three dollars what
apples and how many of them did frank
buy
if we know that he spent three dollars
using only two bills
frank bought a green and a red one he
paid one dollar bill for the green one
and a two dollar bill for the red one
yeah he could have grabbed the blue one
and given the same two bills
but blue apples don't exist gotcha
two houses are on fire one of them
belongs to jack
he's an accountant the other one is a
luxurious mansion that belongs to james
a pro basketball player
which fire should the police put out
first
police don't put out fires that's the
fire department's job
two people came up to a large river
there was only one boat and it was
pretty old and shabby
the boat can carry only one person at a
time but both people got across the
river
how come
one of the people was already on the
other side of the river
only one person needed a boat
three friends fell asleep under a tree
in the countryside
while they were resting someone passed
by and painted mustaches on their faces
when the friends woke up they started to
laugh but then
all of a sudden they stopped why
at first they saw the mustaches on their
friends faces and found it funny
but then they realized their friends
were laughing too
they had mustaches on their faces as
well
alice was walking through a dark forest
suddenly she saw an
old cabin hey wonder if a witch lives in
there
she wanted to try her luck and snoop
around but the door was locked
on the gate though was a note with a
secret code
well can you crack this code
the answer is magic three stars before
karma
means you need to get rid of the first
three letters
two stars after gift mean you need to
get rid
of the last two letters for coat you
need to get rid of the last three
letters
on tilda is a huge fan of cats she lives
in a one-story house
full of cat garden statues a cat rug
cat wallpaper cat cushions and about a
hundred cat fridge magnets
oh and the 25 cats that live with her
what color cat is in the painting
upstairs
yeah she lives in a one-story house
there aren't any cat paintings upstairs
ashton loves taking and making bets
every time he meets his friends he has a
new one
last friday he suggested a challenge he
said he could place a bottle in the
middle of a room
and easily crawl into it this time
ashton's friends were sure they'd win
it seemed impossible still ashton won
the bet
again how did he do it
he said he could place a bottle in the
room and crawl into it
so he placed a bottle in the middle of
the room and crawled
into the room sneaky
you have two ropes if you burn each side
of the rope
it will burn for 60 minutes how can you
measure 45 minutes
if you have these two ropes and a box of
batches
you need to burn one of the ropes from
both sides
at the same time you set fire on the
second rope too
but from one side only when the first
rope burns down
the second rope will still have 30
minutes to go
now you need to set on fire the second
end of the rope
it'll burn two times faster and you'll
burn both ropes in 45 minutes
you're in a photo gallery after looking
at the wall
you realize that one of the pictures
doesn't belong
you see a raccoon a llama a football and
a balloon
can you tell which is the odd one out
you have
seven seconds to guess
it's the llama the other three objects
have two double letters in their names
but the llama only has one
gabrielle cooked a lovely dinner for her
friends
when everybody was at the table she
suddenly realized one of them
didn't like the meal who was it
it was mike he secretly shared it with
gabrielle's dog
three plus three equals eight move just
two matches to make this equation
correct
you've only got 10 seconds
it's nine minus nine equals zero grab a
match from the plus
to turn the three into a nine and one
more match from the eight
to turn the other three into a nine
there are five apples in a basket and
five people in the room
each person takes an apple but there's
still only one apple in the basket
how come
the last person took both an apple and
the basket
so there